[Keyboard] Set reasonable defaults for Corne keyboard (#13440)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/crkbd/readme.md

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

> The Corne PCBs have a reset button next to the TRRS jack to enter in to the bootloader.   
> 
> Additionally, if you hold down the "Q" or "P" buttons when plugging in that half of the keyboard (per the default QWERTY layout), this will jump to the bootloader and reset the EEPROM (persistant storage).  This would normally be the very top corner-most position, but due to the breakaway column, it's left at Q and P for compatibilty. 

Reviewer: * trailing whitespace
* spell check

```suggestion
The Corne PCBs have a reset button next to the TRRS jack to enter in to the bootloader.

Additionally, if you hold down the "Q" or "P" buttons when plugging in that half of the keyboard (per the default QWERTY layout), this will jump to the bootloader and reset the EEPROM (persistent storage).  This would normally be the very top corner-most position, but due to the breakaway column, it's left at Q and P for compatibility. 
```

Author: Wouldn't be a drashna PR without some sort of spelling error.
